How about Jiang Lu, I am 21
I didn't eat enough at noon.
Kind of, let's make it up next time
Great fight
I haven't played so well in a long time
Today, thank you so much for thanking me
Then you fight with them every day?
I have never fought a meaningless home
If it weren't for you today?
I'm lazy, I won't join the Teacher's Heart Association
Joining the Teacher's Heart Association was Li Liai's idea
I don't want to, then why did you help me guess?
You don't like women, do you?
Don't worry.
I don't like your airport
But you should have noticed
You can't win at SM on your own.
Let's unite
Forget it.
I don't like to rely on the strength of others
Besides, I'm going to be at the top of SM
OK.
Since you said so, I won't force you
Someday!
We must fight
See you then.
Afraid of you, boss, let's go